Update doc (#1)
zero-savvy/proven-view: README.md

2. **Calculate Continous hashes of frames**: We want to make sure that the sequnece of frames is indeed unique and not malformed. So, we need to "_chain_" the frames together, just like what we have in any blockchain structure 🙂. The last hash result is unique to the original video and will be signed by the Camera.
3. **Calculate Merkle tree**: In order to "_prove_" that we have trimmed a part of an original video, we need to prove two things:
    1) The _end_ and _start_ frames of the trimmed version are from the original video.

>     2) All of the frames between the start and end frames are kept as they were, i.e. the sequence of the frames is not changed in any way.

Reviewer: 2) All of the frames between the start and end frames are kept as they were (the sequence of the frames is not changed in any way, and the contents of frames didn't change).

>     2) All of the frames between the start and end frames are kept as they were, i.e. the sequence of the frames is not changed in any way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2) All of the frames between the start and end frames are kept as they were (the sequence of the frames is not changed in any way, and the contents of frames didn't change).
```

>       While the second statement in the above can be proven by caclulating the continous hash of the frames, the first statement requires the ability of proving inclusion of any two frames in the original video. To achieve this, we generate a Merkle tree from the hash values of all the frames during the commintment. The Merkle root is then signed by the _Camera_. Now, it is possible to prove that the stsart and end frames of the trimmed video actually belong to the original video by providing two merkle proofs one for each 😃.

Reviewer: While the second statement in the above can be proven by calculating the continuous hash of the frames, the first statement requires the ability of proving inclusion of any two frames in the original video. To achieve this, we generate a Merkle tree from the hash values of all the frames during the commitment. The Merkle root is then signed by the _Camera_. Now, it is possible to prove that the start and end frames of the trimmed video actually belong to the original video by providing two Merkle proofs one for each 😃.

>       While the second statement in the above can be proven by caclulating the continous hash of the frames, the first statement requires the ability of proving inclusion of any two frames in the original video. To achieve this, we generate a Merkle tree from the hash values of all the frames during the commintment. The Merkle root is then signed by the _Camera_. Now, it is possible to prove that the stsart and end frames of the trimmed video actually belong to the original video by providing two merkle proofs one for each 😃.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      While the second statement in the above can be proven by calculating the continuous hash of the frames, the first statement requires the ability of proving inclusion of any two frames in the original video. To achieve this, we generate a Merkle tree from the hash values of all the frames during the commitment. The Merkle root is then signed by the _Camera_. Now, it is possible to prove that the start and end frames of the trimmed video actually belong to the original video by providing two Merkle proofs one for each 😃.
 ```
